Feiyun is looking for death. What are you doing here?
Even Dad's woman is sent out
I really threw myself into the face of the Du family
What qualifications do you have to say to me?
If it weren't for you, I would have lived in the Du family
Just you
Stinky bitch, I should have known you two were having an affair
Du Chen has nothing to do with me
You let me go
I promise I will never trouble you in the future
Yes, Du Chen
Or forget it
The strength of your Qin family, even if you encounter
There will also be those who don't want to bother
Count you
What are you?
It is also worthy of being compared to our Du family
How dare you kick me!
Dog stuff
I will never forgive you if you wait for me to go back.
It's not that easy to leave
Kneel down and kowtow to my little mother and apologize, don't you dare
Ahhh
Sorry, sorry.
I was wrong. I was wrong, Dad
I'll spare you this time.
Let me see you again
You can't go
Next time I see you, don't blame me for being rude to you.
Du Chen, thank you, kitten
What is the meaning of light gratitude?
Do something else